Created guide to migrate users to Umbraco Cloud (#4428)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Cloud/Getting-Started/Migrate-Existing-Site/index.md

* All Document Types, Templates, Stylesheets, etc, are in the backoffice

:::note

> Umbraco Identity (Umbraco ID) is the single sign-on (SSO) feature across all Umbraco Cloud services.

Author: ```suggestion
Umbraco Identity (Umbraco ID) is the Single Sign-On (SSO) feature across all Umbraco Cloud services.
```

> It is required to access any project pages as well as backoffices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is required to access any project pages as well as the backoffice.
```

> To migrate the users from your on-premise site to Umbraco Cloud and Umbraco ID follow the [Migrate Users to Cloud guide](/Umbraco-Cloud/Getting-Started/Migrate-Existing-Site/Migrating-Users-To-Umbraco-Cloud/index.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To migrate the users from your on-premises site to Umbraco Cloud and Umbraco ID, follow the [Migrate Users to Cloud guide](/Umbraco-Cloud/Getting-Started/Migrate-Existing-Site/Migrating-Users-To-Umbraco-Cloud/index.md) article.
```
